Regular users in the social media platform:
None

Content creators in the social media platform:
None

Added content creator 3.
Added content creator 2.
Added content creator 4.
Removed content creator 4.
Cannot remove content creator. There is no content creator with ID 4.
Added content creator 4.
Cannot add content creator. There is already a content creator with ID 4.
Added content creator 1.
Added content creator 6.

Added content 1.
Added content 2.
Cannot add content. There is already a content with ID 2.
Added content 5.
Added content 6.
Added content 8.
Added content 13.
Removed content 5.
Cannot remove content. There is no content creator with ID 10.
Cannot remove content. There is no content with ID 7 shared by content creator with ID 6.
Content creators in the social media platform:
1, Gamer, 0 follower(s), 0 content(s)
2, Eater Man, 0 follower(s), 0 content(s)
3, Lonely Artist, 0 follower(s), 1 content(s)
4, Musician Guy, 0 follower(s), 1 content(s)
6, News, 0 follower(s), 3 content(s)

Added regular user 1.
Added regular user 5.
Added regular user 4.
Added regular user 2.
Cannot add regular user. There is already a regular user with ID 2.
Added regular user 6.
Removed regular user 2.
Cannot remove regular user. There is no regular user with ID 7.

Regular user with ID 1 followed content creator with ID 6.
Regular user with ID 1 followed content creator with ID 2.
Regular user with ID 1 followed content creator with ID 1.
Regular user with ID 4 followed content creator with ID 4.
Regular user with ID 4 followed content creator with ID 3.
Regular user with ID 6 followed content creator with ID 4.
Regular user with ID 6 followed content creator with ID 6.
Regular user with ID 6 followed content creator with ID 3.
Regular user with ID 5 followed content creator with ID 3.
Regular user with ID 5 followed content creator with ID 1.
Cannot follow. Regular user and/or content creator ID does not exist.
Cannot follow. Regular user and/or content creator ID does not exist.
Cannot follow. Regular user and/or content creator ID does not exist.
Cannot unfollow. Regular user and/or content creator ID does not exist.
Cannot unfollow. Regular user and/or content creator ID does not exist.
Cannot unfollow. Regular user and/or content creator ID does not exist.
Cannot unfollow. The user is not following the content creator.
Regular user with ID 6 unfollowed content creator with ID 4.

Removed regular user 5.
Removed content creator 3.

Content creators in the social media platform:
1, Gamer, 1 follower(s), 0 content(s)
2, Eater Man, 1 follower(s), 0 content(s)
4, Musician Guy, 1 follower(s), 1 content(s)
6, News, 2 follower(s), 3 content(s)

Regular users in the social media platform:
1, Alper
4, Merve
6, Ayse

Regular users following content creator with ID 6:
1
6

Cannot show. There is no content creator with ID 10.

Contents of content creator with ID 6:
6
8
13

Cannot show. There is no content creator with ID 10.
